hi I'm Ben with that and this is the
GoPro Hero Plus as you can see GoPros
kept the same form factor that they've
become famous for but they've added an
LCD screen to the back of this camera
now from the screen you can not only see
what you're shooting but you can also
control all the features on the camera
so on this one you have a few different
frame rates you can shoot 1080p at 30 or
60 frames a second and 720p at 60 frames
a second as well as a 720 superview
which is kind of like a wider field of
view than you normally see on the camera
it also takes 8 megapixel still photos
up to 5 photos a second as well as a
time-lapse feature moving on to the case
this case has done something a little
bit different from the other GoPro
cameras and that the camera itself can't
be removed from the front part of the
case the only part that can be removed
is the backdoor now there's this camera
comes with three backdoors you've your
standard GoPro backdoor that's
waterproof down to 131 feet there's also
a touch screen backdoor which allows you
to access your touch screen through the
backdoor but will only be waterproof
down to 9 feet but you have to note that
you won't be able to actually touch the
screen underwater and the last backdoor
is the skeleton backdoor which you can
actually touch the screen directly as
well as plug in your power cord to the
camera to keep power to it constantly
the hero+ comes with all your standard
accessories you get two adhesive mounts
ones curved and one is flat as well as
your mounting buckle additionally you
get a power cord with this one and a
unique part about this camera that's
different from some of the other ones is
the battery is actually built in so you
can't replace the battery so this is a
rechargeable battery but you'll have to
use this cord to charge it up before
you're ready to use it an additional
feature that's pretty cool with this one
is the built-in Wi-Fi and Bluetooth
which allows you to pair with the GoPro
app for your smartphone now with that
app you can also kind of see what you're
doing on the camera but you can also
share videos and photos and it makes it
a really kind of cohesive experience
with your smartphone overall this is a
great new offering from GoPro it's a
little bit on the simpler side which is
kind of good for the people who just
want a simple camera to point and shoot
it doesn't have a lot of the features
that they're more professional models
have but it's just a really easy to
setup really easy to use camera and
that's the GoPro Hero Plus be sure to
check it out nap comm along with our
other GoPro offerings and be sure to
LIKE comment and subscribe on our
YouTube channel